Dear Sir/Madam,
REF:PROVISION OF SECURITY GUARD SERVICES
Following our representatives meeting and subsrquent dicriooion on proviciom
security guard services,we are pleased to inform you an detanled under
Establishment
We are a well established security company registered in the Repubiic of Kerya
under the name Luanda Security and Courier Service.The head office is in Landa
town on Kisumu-Busia Road.We have other several branches well spread withcn
the major towns in Kenya.The company is well insured under the contractuallega
liability policy,fidelity guarantee,workman compensation and clients liability
common law
The launch of Luanda Security Services marked a revolutionary approach to the
increasingly challenging demands of domestic and industrial security in Kenya.As
armed crime continues to soar there is an urgent need to come up with new or
modern ways of deterring criminal activities and combating crime when it occurs.
Luanda Security Services was developed and responds to these challenges,thus
offering the business community and public at home the confidence of security and
peace of mind which allows them to go about with their businesses and live without


fear.To enable these we have twenty four hour armed response back up service
strategically located to ensure fastest possible reaction to distress calls.
A comprehensive training and supervision program ensures that members of our
security team are in top gear both physically and mentally to respond upon the
growing challenges of violent crime.When responding to emergency calls,Luanda
Security Services back up units are in constant communication with the police and in
serious situations,reinforcements can be called in immediately.This is enabled by
hotlines and efficient communication systems fitted in all response points and
connected to central control room that is operational 24 hours.
Services
The company is providing security services and acting for the purpose of the
contact herein,will be responsible for any want of proper care on part of the
company itself in the selection and employment of guards and agents put on and
in charge of such services.The company shall so far as concerns any loss suffered
by clients through burglary or theft or any other cause(to extend only set out)be
liable if and so far as such loss is caused by sole negligence of the companys
employee acting within the cause of their duties.
Our commitment to the entire customer is to continue offering them quality
services at all times.The security of your loved ones and your property can never
be taken for granted.Safety comes first but Luanda Security Services comes before.
Our services are:-
Provision of contracted property/premises guards.
Security guard dogs
Private investigations
Security survey of premises
Vetting of employees and private investigation
Debt collections
Estate or premises management
Note:AH the above are payable periodically i.e.monthly or temporary services
payable on daily basis
The services are provided at a very competitive charge that ensures our customers
get value for their money.Above all,Luanda Security Services is designed to fully


support customer needs at all levels.The foundation of servies is based on
customer satisfaction and therefore customer is an integral part of our operations
It's because of these that our stalf is at hand to offer free security advice.
Sensitivity to individual customer need allows us to be flexible enough to go an
extra mile to design security solutions that are unique to specific environment.
Other services offered are;CCTV system,remote pedant surveillance,VIP Escort
systems.
Services,electric and kay apple fencing,fire alarm and general security alarm
Client/Customer Loyalty
Long term client loyalty is the dream of every company.This normally leads to
predictable sales,which facilitates the planning of operational activities.Attitudinal
loyalty is a client's believes feelings and intentions.It's an expression of emotional
connection with the company.Some clients should be highly dissatisfied but still
manifest loyalty behaviors due to lack of alternatives,perceived switching risks,or
simply unwillingness to try out alternative companies.This normally misleads a
company into believing that it's offering the best. A satisfied client without any
commitment to services exhibits behavior loyalty which results from:
Trust
To win and maintain our clients trust,we develop relationship with anchor
integrity,respect and honesty.We maintain consistence in our duty performance,
prompt information of progress of any eventuality and immediate response to
agreed schedule and complaints.Also to achieve this fully,our guards have strong
services with our clients bearing in mind that it's their respective duty to win and
maintain trust from clients.
＂a well informed employee is the best sales person a company can have“
Recruitment and training
The selection and recruitment of our guards is carefully done,to ensure that those
finally considered are fully trained and disciplined.We insist in production of
certificate of good conduct from CID or recommendation letter from the sub chief.
Literacy in English,Kiswahili or over two years working experience with reference
from credible institutions or personnel and at least two guarantors.They must be
mature people aged 22-50 years


To enhance their performance they are placed under a training officer for general
foot drift and instructions for two weeks.Supervisors make round the clock patrols
and surprise checkups or spot checks through personal visits to ensure that
discipline and alertness is maintained all through.
Infrastructure
Luanda Security
Services have the following branches:-Kakamega Branch,
Muhoroni,Fort-Ternnan,Sigalagala(E.A.D.E&T Co.Ltd).
Communication
Luanda Security Services has cell phone mobile system stationed in major
assignments to ensure operational efficiency in the administration of security
services to our clients and subscribers.The company has three vehicles,two motor
bikes and five bicycles for efficient supervision and management.
Network
Being a member of professional security association of Kenya,we have a workforce
of about two hundred personnel deployed in various assignments within our
branches as stated above.
Terms
The terms of services are contractual as stated in the separate contract form,
agreed and signed by both parties(clients/companies)e.g.temporary,annual or bi-
annual.
Directors
1.Lt Col(Rtd)Okoba Kweya
2.Mr.Musa Mbalanya
Meantime we kindly anticipate your further response.
Thanks.
Lt Col(Rtd)Okoba Kweya
MANAGING DIRECTOR


*******************************************************************************************************************
COMPANY PROFILE
WHO WE ARE
This is a security company specializing in the provision,development and enhancernera
of exclusive security services registered and operating in Kenya.Its offices are located a
Luanda security House along Kisumu Busia Highway,Luanda.
Certlficate of registration No:BN/2009/44208
Date of registratlon:18"March,2010
OUR CONTACT
Address:
P.O BOX 464-50307 Luanda.
Hotlines:
0202-596769,005-17Mobile0731-688877,0721-339087
0722-567601,0722-671857
VISION,MISSION&VALUES
Our vision is to become the security firm of choice through a customer care culture
directed towards satisfaction and peace of mind.
Our mission is to provide high quality,personalized,affordable and customer delighting
integrated security solutions,while creating a sustainable market position made up of
individuals,institutions and corporate organizations nationally and internationally and
seeking to give a reasonable return to the stakeholders through fair and just commercial
practices.
Our values are integrity,honest,reliability and service with dignity.
STATUS AND INVESTMENT
This is a partner hip company of high profiled security personnel with proven
management ai ties and experience.
ESTABLISHMENT
The Executive Mn agement
Managing airector
Director
Administration Director
Finance&Accounts Department
Chief Accountant
Assistant Accountant
Credit Controllers
Payroll Clerk


Operations Department
Operations Managers
Asst.Operations Manager
Senior Operations Supervisors
Communications Controllers
Regional Security Assistants
HQs Security Supervisors
Security guards
81
Adminlstration Department
Executive secretary
Purchasing officer
Training officer
Receptionist
Storekeeper
Cleaners
Mail runner
Fleet Management
Transport officer
1
Senior mechanics
Mechanics
Drivers
FACILITIES
Utility vehicles
10
Utility motor bikes
Bicycles
15
Communication-wireless telephone,mobile telephones
OTHER INFORMATION
Our Bankers are Equity Bank,Luanda Branch.
Our terms of payment:Company cheques with a credit period of upto 30 days.
MAJOR CLIENTS
Corporations,Companies,Institutions,Government Department and individuals
INSURANCE POLICY COVERS
We have the following policy covers:-
Public Liability(General Policy)-
Kshs.10,000,000/=
－any one claim
Kshs.10,000,000/=
－any one Event
Kshs.100,000,000/=
－Any one period
Workmen's compensation(Act Limit Policy)1,500,000/=
－10000056
EmnlnvadeIlahilin lenmmnn lawl
115
HPPPPP


→ INDEMNITY
The company is liable to compensate fully for any loss or damage to clients property if proved
that such loss or damage is as a result of negligence of our guard(s)
* GENERAL INFORMATION
This organization is operated through the extensive network of high profiled security personnel
with proven solid management abilities and experience, enabling us to provide effective,
efficient and reliable security services to our clients nationwide. The organization is a successful
security company, which has gained recognition for specializing in the provision of the security
services.
Security guards
Consultancy on development of customized security services
Undercover operations
Surveillance of persons and business assets
VIP personal escorts and body guards
Security survey of premises and installations
Escort services
Rapid response alarms
Fire alarm
Emergency response services
Anti-terrorism deterrence
Rescue service in event of carjacking
.
It was established following comprehensive analysis, monitoring and development of security services
with international and local experts. In the past years, security requirement for corporations,
companies, institutions, government department and individuals have become significantly dynamic. In
recognition of this fact, Luanda Security and Courier Services has continued to assess security
requirements of existing and potential clients and developing the organization structure accordingly.
Consequently, corporate growth has accelerated with an impressionable list of clients with sustained
long-term business relationships.
The organization has continued to upgrade its infrastructure and scope of services to meet the diverse
challenges in our business and ensure unrivalled service delivery to our valued customers.
OUR COMPANY OPERATIONS
We have an existing central operations where all security activities are monitored on a 24/7 basis
throughout the year. This realized by use of wireless and mobile telephones between the headquarters
and regional operations centres. Our clients are assured of consistent and reliable delivery of security
services through the extensive infrastructure, communications network, qualified and dedicated
personnel


developed a database at our central communication centre where all information relating to security
DATABASE
operations is captured, stored and retrieved. The establishment by us of this technology is to facilitate
easy generation of client reports, billings and all information regarding a client. The use of this system
enables a client to receive daily login of events on-line. Luanda Security and Courier Services handles
each client account exclusively, ensuring that every detail and requirement on the specific client's
profile is met
BRANCH NETWORK
The company has established branch offices in major towns as under:-
• Laikipia
Embu
Soy
Kisumu
Luanda
Nyeri
Kakmega
Siaya
PERFORMANCE MEASURES
Our target performance is 100%, attainable through continuous and regular client consultations aimed
at enhancing security and reducing risk.
* TRAINING
Our security personnel are trained on health, safety and Environment, fire fighting skills, drills,
responses, rescuing, surveillance and other exclusive services.
PROCEDURAL TRAINING
Coordinated efforts with our clients to ensure that personnel attending to their security needs are fully
compliant with the procedures
TECHNICAL
We do facilitate the installation of close circuit TV (CCTV) and all types of Alarms depending on customer
needs.
RELATIONSHIP WITH OTHER LAW ENFORCEMENT AGENCIES
We have developed close working relations with the Police Department, Local Administration, local
Authorities Enforcement Officers, and other private security companies. Since we are involved in the
support of community based projects, we usually establish good relations with the communities living
within our aree of operations



SERVICE CONTRACT/AGREEMENT
Luanda Security and Courier Services will enter into service provision contract with our customers as the
case may be
VALUE ADDING SECURITY ACTIVITIES
In order to realize our goal of ensuring enhanced security for our customers, we undertake the
following: -
.
Carry out routine random and targeted checks of the customer and any other potential
security breaches. This modus operandi will eradicate laxity from our surveillance crews
and will act as pre-emptive security measure, which is imperative in all contemporary
security agencies.
We advise and update our customers on the relevant latest and state of the art security
technology they employ on their own private capacity as internal security measures
We employ as an extraneous security measure the execution of private investigation of
any fraudulent activity, loss or damage to customer's premises especially in cases of
complicity of staff in criminal activities.
Provide consultancy services to our customers. This means taking security feasibility
studies or profiling and security risk analysis in those areas as may be requested by our
customers.
CONCLUSION
We pledge as a company to give our customers value for money in terms of the services we are suposed
to give
We also wish to notify that this is a challenging and maiden security undertaking that will require co-
operation and understanding from both parties. Together, with constant consultation, we believe that
we shall build a lasting relationship that will be envied by other players in the security industry. Besides,
continuous research on better security measures will be part and parcel of security measures to you and
our esteemed client